[Docs] Move QMK newbs build environment guide to next section (#15386)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/newbs_building_firmware.md

Now that you have setup your build environment you are ready to start building custom firmware. For this section of the guide we will bounce between 3 programs- your file manager, your text editor, and your terminal window. Keep all 3 open until you are done and happy with your keyboard firmware.

## Configure Your Build Environment Defaults (Optional)

You can configure your build environment to set the defaults and make working with QMK less tedious. Let's do that now!

> Most people new to QMK only have 1 keyboard. You can find the name of your keyboard from a supported list using the command `qmk list-keyboards`. That list of keyboards are folder names found within `qmk_firmware/keyboards`.
> 
> You can set the name of your keyboard from that list as default with the `qmk config` command. For example, to set your default keyboard to `clueboard/66/rev4`:
> 
>     qmk config user.keyboard=clueboard/66/rev4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most people new to QMK only have 1 keyboard. You can set this keyboard as your default with the `qmk config` command. For example, to set your default keyboard to `clueboard/66/rev4`:

    qmk config user.keyboard=clueboard/66/rev4

?> The keyboard option is the path relative to the keyboard directory, the above example would be found in `qmk_firmware/keyboards/clueboard/66/rev4`. If you're unsure you can view a full list of supported keyboards with `qmk list-keyboards`.
```

 * The firmware size is fine - 27312/28672 (95%, 1360 bytes free)
```

> ## Configure Your Build Environment (Optional)

Reviewer: This might be better moved to the start of this page? There's earlier references to configuring your environment.
